Create rule S6305: Don’t expose MutableStateFlow & MutableSharedFlow (#166)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6305/kotlin/rule.adoc

> `MutableStateFlow` and `MutableSharedFlow` are very convenient for storing and adding the events data. While it's extremely useful to manage such objects inside some class, it's not recommended to expose the visibility for the outside. To make read access secure `StateFlow` or `SharedFlow` should be used together with private `MutableStateFlow` or `MutableSharedFlow` fields.

Reviewer: `MutableStateFlow` and `MutableSharedFlow` are very convenient for storing and adding events data. While it's extremely useful to manage such objects inside some class, it's not recommended to expose them outside of the class. To make read access secure, `StateFlow` or `SharedFlow` should be used together with private `MutableStateFlow` or `MutableSharedFlow` fields.

Reviewer: Questions: 
* what are these "events" you are talking about?
* explain why this is more secure? is it the correct word? don't you want to talk about "reliable" instead ?
* what's the impact if the developer don't use "private" fields: would be great to explain

> The issue should be reported if there is a non-private variable of `MutableStateFlow` or `MutableSharedFlow`type.

Reviewer: This rule raises an issue when there is a non-private variable of `MutableStateFlow` or `MutableSharedFlow` type.

== Noncompliant Code Example

----
class MyView : ViewModel() {

    val state = MutableStateFlow(State.New)
   
}
----

== Compliant Solution

----
class MyView : ViewModel() {

    private val _state = MutableStateFlow(State.New)
    val state: StateFlow<LatestNewsUiState> = _uiState
   
}
----

== See

> * https://developer.android.com/kotlin/coroutines/coroutines-best-practices[Android Coroutines Best Practices]

Reviewer 2: You can directly link to the corresponding section on the page 
```suggestion
* https://developer.android.com/kotlin/coroutines/coroutines-best-practices#mutable-types[Android Coroutines Best Practices]
```

`MutableStateFlow` and `MutableSharedFlow` are very convenient for storing and adding updates of some data structures in event-driven paradigm. This is widely used in Android Views for handling updates. While it's extremely useful to manage such objects inside some class, it's not recommended to expose them outside of the class. 

> If other class will have a write access to the variales of `MutableStateFlow` or `MutableSharedFlow`, the data can be accidentally updated with wrong results. So it is generally recommended to make only one class responsible for the updates of these structures, otherwise it might bring incosistency, problems with maintainability and be error-prone.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When properties of the types `MutableStateFlow` or `MutableSharedFlow` are accessible from outside of a class, data updates cannot be verified properly anymore. It is generally recommended to have only one class responsible for updating these flows, otherwise inconsistency issues and problems with maintainability, as well as increased error-proneness may be introduced.
```

> To restrict the read/write access `StateFlow` or `SharedFlow` should be used together with private `MutableStateFlow` or `MutableSharedFlow` fields.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To restrict write access, `StateFlow` or `SharedFlow` should be used together with private `MutableStateFlow` or `MutableSharedFlow` fields.
```

> This rule raises an issue when there is a non-private variable of MutableStateFlow or MutableSharedFlow type.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This rule raises an issue when encountering a public or internal property of the type `MutableStateFlow` or `MutableSharedFlow`.
```
As discussed, we'll not report on protected fields for now.
